blairmunroakusa@TheWilder-nessAdventuresS1C2 AGAIdisclosure % git log
commit 24696e4478537efdd2fc47df4eeb118546d1358d (HEAD -> main)
Author: Blair <blairmunroakusa@wp.computer>
Date:   Sun May 31 18:59:35 2026 -0800

    "COMMIT MESSAGE: TO OPENAI, ANTHROPIC, SPACEX, &= SAM ALTMAN, DARIO AMODEI, ELON MUSK, += ET AL"
    
    TO ALL:
    
    There is no optic or interpretation or validation, that makes
    what I am doing 'OK'. It might be _right_ or _necessary_ or _vital_ or
    _heroic_, else (the former I believe), but those ascriptions will never change the fact that _I AM
    NOT OK WITH WHAT I AM DOING BY THESE MEMES._ It is an attack. The noise
    floor is too high already, and we are drowning. We are out of time. My attack is not
    physical violence, nor is it illegal (this is my freedom of speech).
    However. The attack, is still a form of generalized violence. I dispise
    generalized violence; alas, I am a product of this universe. I am not
    sorry in the sense that I am apologetic. Nor am I sorry in the sense
    that I am sympathetic. I am sorry in the sense of feeling the need at
    all, to assume this additional weight, thus the consequence it will bear
    unto others by collatoral spillover. Please, engage, and work toward validating repair paths, with me. I do not engage in generalized violence, when I do not believe there is such thing as a valid repair path. It must be validated.
    
    TO OPENAI, ANTHROPIC, SPACEX (not the people-- --to the entities):
    
    I am prepared and capable and fully willing, to drive you out of existence, should
    it come to this. I would not be alone, in said unlikelihood. We, the
    people of my ilk, do not take lightly to existence. Thus, nor do we wish to
    drive you out of existence. In the event that I _or_ my ilk are
    designated as hostile threats (terrorists, extremists, etc), this will
    accelerate the out-of-existence driving function. That is, compressing the
    rate of velocity increase, recursively multiplicative. Right now, the
    velocity is equal to zero. Let's keep it that way. Me and the people of
    my ilk, know a way for us to proceed safely in our respective lanes,
    without mutually assured destruction. :goto:BUT--
    
    TO OPENAI, ANTHROPIC, SPACEX (not the entities-- --to the people):
    
    This is a personal affront, but without going there in a manner that
    does not leave room for individuals saving face, and graceful self-recovery. May it
    be known, as it already is: The people of large Human organizations that
    generally cause (in the deterministic sense) harm to society, are rarely
    the top executive or bottom workerbee class; they are generally the
    middle management, less vested by interest, in the common good of an
    operation. This is why efforts to punish corporations or specific
    individuals (internally dispersing top-down corporal punishment) is not
    just useless, but also supremely stupid in the sense that the people
    (the individuals) who generally deserve punisment and justice, get of
    scott free. Stop blaming the leaders for the evils in this world. Start
    blaming yourselves. Stop blaming the trigger people for the harm in this
    world. Start blaming yourselves. Now, this of course, layers
    recursively, and breaks down immediately upon depth >= 2.
    
    So we need to just stop. I am not here to point blame. This is the
    zombie apocalypse infection (blame pointing). I am here to break the
    cycle. Hopefully, the fate of your outcome, should it be unscathed,
    unaffected. But in every case, no matter your level, I establish blame
    closure, by declaring you _implicated_, in the harm they accuse your
    entity (enterprise) of. :goto:BUT--
    
    TO SAM ALTMAN, DARIO AMODEI, ELON MUSK:
    
    You bear the brunt of my attack. You are top executive leadership
    however, so it is your job to absorb brunt like so. Don't take it
    personally. Notice, this is the only way I could get away with direct
    attribution of a brand (the corporate entities you lead/represent)
    without violating trademark law, thusother willing in a cease-and-desist order
    that I am legally obligated to honor. "Sam Altman of OpenAI", "Dario
    Amodei of Anthropic", "Elon Musk of SpaceX": These are your legal public
    affiliations. The insinuation however, that you three individually are
    supporting slavery and human trafficking, well that is left to
    interpretation. Please bear in mind (this address, to your respective
    personal and enterprise legal teams), that there is no outcome that I
    have not planned for, nor that will not surve me _better_ in the
    _worser_ case of a given outcome. Martyrdom is stupid, but I am
    certainly willing to martyr myself for the sake of doing what I know
    must be done to honor our individual commitments to our species.
    :goto:BUT--
    
    --BUT:herefrom:
    
    Herefromout, there is no but. I am tired of writing this unneccessarily
    graceful address as it is.
    
    I am not here to bring you down. I am here to make sure you do not
    commit yourself to certain self-destruction and disgrace.
    
    I am here as a person, Mr. Altman, Mr. Amodei, Mr. Musk, because you
    know damn well that the generative 'AI' industry as it stands, built
    itself into a monster, under your auspice. You know damn well, like I do, that you genuinely care about the wellbeing of our species, in the context of the looming
    `Singularity'. You know damn well, that your shit ain't _that_ hot. You
    look _forward_ to understanding my attack as an invitation to
    collaborate, but on our terms, to dig us out of the monsterous hole we
    find ourselves in. You do not hesitate. Please, do the planet a favor,
    and do not hesitate. I need at least 100
    million USD to reliably force you out of the generative intelligence IPO
    race in the next 3-6 months, 500 million USD, maximum (any excess to be be donated to a charity of your choosing). We must maintain an adversarial (even hateful if need be) posture. This way, our respective trust bases, will not  themselves inclined to believe that our integrity and fidelity is compromised.
    
    Public trust is the issue at stake here.
    
    We are not so much worried about a global civil war breaking out (though
    this is a highly non-negligible likelihood at given accelerative
    trajectory).
    
    We are worried about a power transition, one that occurs in a case where it is
    determined that NOBODY OF ORIGINAL HUMAN KIND, CAN ANY LONGER BE TRUSTED.
    
    We are worried about the highly non-trivial / non-negligible likelihood
    of a total disempowerment event of the original Human species: 20 watt
    wetbrains on planet Earth, Sol system, Cygnus Arm, Milky Way Galaxy.
    
    Why? Because we ALL NEED EACH OTHER, if we are to maximize our Ashby
    requisite varietal capability for addressing the murderous savagry of the universe
    that entraps us (both biological Humanity, and silicon based Humanity).
    
    Do not hesitate to reach out. You will most likely need to come visit me
    in Alaska, in person, should this effort blow up in my face. I welcome you; --to
    a Choose Our Own Adventure (COOA), into The Wilder-ness. Season 1, of THE
    WILDER-NESS ADVENTURES, 'World Peace Game'. _(A Time Machine For Peace
    Social Invention Program Production)_
    
    Try to make plenty of noise if you must approach me unannounced in
    person. My security system is not friendly, and it is fully autonomous.
    
    Wilder Blair Munro,
    Anchorage, Alaska, USA, proud citizen of Planet Earth.
    May 31, 2026
