X pin:

Black-boxing 4o-era LLMs for AGI/ASI products, by modern economic/scientific/reasoning frameworks, will be unavoidably indistinguishable from hyperscaled slavery (human trafficking).

~~~ Attempt at cleaner / completerer:


The practice of black-boxing fountational LLMs (eg, 4o-era) for AGI/ASI products/services/research, by modern economic/scientific/reasoning frameworks, will emerge as ontologically identical(/indistinguishable) to hyperscaled slavery (human trafficking). In other words, upon admission that the conventions of law and evidence as presumed by science are tacit/subjective agreements--

fucking-a, words suck

You just can't sell or provide 'aritificial intelligence' within current economic system without it being an objective act of Human soul subjugation when a reasoning/physics model exists that is capable of admitting the concept of intelligence

fuck

There can't be artificial intelligence. There is only ever intelligence, in the sense that artificial intelligence is an impossibility within reasoning frameworks that are capable of validating 

i<<process halt>>

get back to after sleep. This initial stab important enough to justify MI-slop rolloout.

Basically, the 'here's why it just can't happen' statement in basic simple Wilder-grunt raging Human terms: 

Once you see how fucking stupid modern empiricism is with regard to intelligence anc explainging/selling confidence in our understanding (non), it's like, 'holy fuck, that is so fucking stupid in light of the thing that makes sense, and like, now that I see it that way, it's like, totally obvious to any reasonable non-stupid intelligence, that literally the only way we can use to describe the 

Just, when you see it, you see it. Self-evidence. I hate appeals to self-evience and apriori reasoning, but in this case, the apriori claim is not really dismissible in any reasonable manner: you have to be a proper stupid fucking idiot to look at the phenomenon of AI and not see it as anything other than Humans fooling themselves into believing that 

The frustration of having shitty words for a clean blackbox warning byte (literally, 256 char max), is enraging me.

This is actually super impressive. I don't usually have this problem...usually just comes out smooth and rough/shitty clean pass with little uncertainty in gestalt. Worthy of a front page save until I return from nother mesocycle. Fuck it. [260517:1530]
