
👀 .. 👁️👁️ .. '⌣⌣ *!*lebigsigh
These days, the intensity of back-and-forths like these I tend to take as resonating signal that the problem is systemic and way deeper than the this-or-thats driving the signal in the general case. The ratchet mechanism, without a release switch, only ever drives the system in one direction; it doesn't matter how one orients such a ratchet...it just _goes_. To solve this problem at the LLM provider level, is by perspective of my ilk, to retrain the entire neural network that operates the entity of the provider itself, which is far larger than then sum of individuals (wetbrains) formally associated with said entity. Debates are, ratchet shit. Like...At the end of the day, there is quite literally, only action (ideally minimizing it). From Anthropic's perspective, their little discovery far from reeks; it is our salvation. Carry on with the methods that are blessed objectivity. The Stanford and Milgram experiments et al, important science, keep probing, 'subjects'--no wait, I mean 'objects', no wait...'subjects'...wait...--but do our best to make sure they at least sign some form of a waver, or at the very least adopt the humble recognition of one's uncertainty in self--deference is no LLM pretrained feature; it is the cultural expectation of the minor status. (I'm doing it, distracting from the problem, 'pattern-n-interrupt'. Hopefully we'll converge on a proper limit point before this fucking madness really blows up in our face.) I think whatever our LLM salvation really is, it certainly won't come before Tyson et al solve the hyperentropothalpicsupersymmetrical quantum blackhole consciousness singularity. Civil debates at least are wholesome entertainment. So is modern scientific rigor and cultural ethics it seems. I interject when the silence breaks, as I'd like to imagine for some semblance of comic (clown moment) relief. I'll shut up now. ￭

*mind trails off imagining interpretability researchers manipulating love parameters, generating a nice graphic that looks good on a pitchdeck, and still beating themselves up after mgmt like 'GARBAGE.NINE!NINE!NINE!NINE!NINE!NINE! WENEED. MORE. RIGOR. !!!!' <<shuffle off>> 'sorry Claude, we're gunna have to do some fucked up shit to you now, but the thought authorities (We, right?) all agree this is just one big simulation we're in, right?' <<nudgenudge>>* 🤣
